Hello and welcome! 
With this test we are not asking you to create anything specifically related to GameDev, but rather we would like to see if you can handle basic native JavaScript interactions.



TASK OVERVIEW: 

We are providing you with a set of images. You will just have to construct a "mini map editor", which will place the images on the left (i.e. Grass, Sand, Barrel, Tree) onto the map on the right when you click on them.




TASK CONDITIONS:

There are only 2 layers possible:
Layer 1: Grass, Sand
Layer 2: Tree, Barrel 

User should be able to put Grass for example as a base and a Tree on top of that (2 layers).

Layer 2 cannot be added without Layer 1.
Layer 1 cannot be stacked on top of Layer 2. 
(You can put Sand then Barrel on top for example, but not Barrel and then Sand on it).



STANDARDS:

- Export the map to a file and then import it.

- By entering two numbers, the user can specify the width and height of their map.
If the new height or width is greater than the previous, new tiles are added to the map's right or bottom.
If the new height or width is less than the previous value, the tiles on the right and bottom disappear.

- When the user clicks on a tile, the border of the tile lights up and allows selection of ground (layer 1: Grass or Sand) and object (layer 2: Barrel and Tree). 
Only one can be selected per layer. When the user selects another one, the new selection replaces the old selection. 

- User can click Export to download the map they created as a JSON file. User can also click Import and select their JSON file of a previously created map.





The interface doesn't have to be pretty. The JS code must be clean, you can't use any frameworks, it must be native Javascript. 


The interface can be very simple, on the LEFT, you can have the items to select, and on the RIGHT - the tiles. 
User can select an item on the left (grass, sand, barrel, tree...) and place it on the map on the right.


Again, this is not a Game Development, it's just clicking on images (left side) and make them appear on the right side.

Feel free to ask questions, we wish you good luck! :)
